Document how to use custom domain in SaaS and Self-Hosted (#220)
okteto/docs: src/content/cloud/custom-domains.mdx

## Add a Custom Domain Name to your Application.

Perform the following tasks to use your custom domain in an Okteto Namespace:

<Tabs
  defaultValue="cloud"
  values={[
    { label: 'Okteto Cloud', value: 'cloud', },
    { label: 'SaaS', value: 'saas', },
    { label: 'Self-Hosted', value: 'self-hosted', },
  ]}
>
<TabItem value="cloud">

1. Confirm that you own the custom domain name. Need a custom domain name? You can buy one with a domain registration service.

2. Update your DNS configuration so your custom domain points to [Okteto DNS target](/docs/cloud/custom-domains/#configure-your-dns).

3. [Reach out to support](https://okteto.com/support) to register your custom domain with Okteto Cloud. Please include the domain, your github ID, and the namespace you want to use in your communications.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="saas">

> 1. Update your DNS configuration so your custom domain points to [Okteto DNS target](/docs/cloud/custom-domains/#configure-your-dns).

Reviewer: This changes per instance no? Maybe we need to ask them to reach out to support? Or make this visible somewhere in the UI?

Reviewer: when we talk specifically about SaaS, we don't use cloud URLs or DNS because they are not going to work.  Maybe we can add a note reminding people that the sample uses Okteto Cloud, and to change it to the URL of their instance? (or something like that?)

3. Execute the following commands in the namespace you are configuring with custom domains (`${OKTETO_NAMESPACE}`):

```
kubectl label ns ${OKTETO_NAMESPACE} dev.okteto.com/custom-domain=true --overwrite
kubectl annotate ns $ns dev.okteto.com/domain=${YOUR_CUSTOM_DOMAIN} --overwrite
```

and create the following `Issuer` in your namespace:

```
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: Issuer
metadata:
  name: okteto-http01
spec:
  acme:
    server: https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory

>     email: support@okteto.com

Reviewer: The email should be the user's

    preferredChain: ""
    privateKeySecretRef:
      name: okteto-http01
    solvers:
    - http01:
       ingress:
         class: nginx
         serviceType: ClusterIP
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="self-hosted">

1. Install cert-manager in your cluster.

> 2. Update your DNS configuration so your custom domain points to [Okteto DNS target](/docs/cloud/custom-domains/#configure-your-dns).

Reviewer: What do you mean by Okteto DNS target?

> 3. Execute the following commands in the namespace you are configuring with custom domains (`${OKTETO_NAMESPACE}`):

Reviewer: I believe we use <okteto-namespace> in other docs. @RinkiyaKeDad thoughts?

```
kubectl label ns ${OKTETO_NAMESPACE} dev.okteto.com/custom-domain=true --overwrite
kubectl annotate ns $ns dev.okteto.com/domain=${YOUR_CUSTOM_DOMAIN} --overwrite
```

and create the following `Issuer` in your namespace:

```
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: Issuer
metadata:
  name: okteto-http01
spec:
  acme:
    server: https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory

>     email: support@okteto.com

Reviewer: This should be the user's email.

1. Confirm that you own the custom domain name. Need a custom domain name? You can buy one with a domain registration service.

2. Update your DNS configuration so your custom domain points to [Okteto DNS target](/docs/cloud/custom-domains/#configure-your-dns).

3. (Only for Okteto Cloud users) [Reach out to support](https://okteto.com/support) to register your custom domain with Okteto Cloud. Please include the domain, your github ID, and the namespace you want to use in your communications. This isn't needed for Scale and Enterpise users.

> 3. (Only for Scale and Enterprise users) Execute the following commands in your namespace:

Reviewer: The use of parentheis  is confusing and not consistent with other docs.  In other docs we follow the pattern of creating two sections or more sections, and we add tags to indicate what plans it applies to.  

I think something like that would be useful here as well for clarity and consistence.

```

> kubectl label ns ${OKTETO_NAMESPACE} dev.okteto.com/custom-domain=true --overwrite

Reviewer: It's not clear what OKTETO_NAMESPACE stands for.

Author: You could run it in your pipeline if needed, or manually. `OKTETO_NAMESPACE` is the namespace you are configuring with a custom domain

We recommend you use this approach instead of hard-coding the host name in your manifests to keep them portable across namespaces.

## Docker compose applications

If you deployment is powered by a docker compose manifest, add a label to the service you want to configure a custom domain as shown below:

```yaml
services:
  fastapi:
    build: .
    replicas: 1
    ports:
      - 8080:8080
    environment:
      - DB_HOST=postgres://pguser:pgpass@postgres:5432/pgdb
      - secret=dev

>     labels:

Reviewer: can you double check that this is the case? We added this doc because it wasn't the case in the past.

>     labels:

Author: Yes, `dev.okteto.com/auto-ingress: "true"` is automatically managed if you expose ports like this `8080:8080`.
What it's needed, if you want to use the root domain, it's to add this label:
```
dev.okteto.com/auto-ingress: "domain"
```
I will update the docs for this

```

Okteto will automatically generate the correct host at deploy time. For example, if you added the custom domain `myapp.com` to your namespace, the ingress will be created with `myapp.com` as the host.

```console
$ kubectl get ingress custom-dns
```

```
NAME         HOSTS          ADDRESS                                                     PORTS     AGE
custom-dns   myapp.com      104.155.138.215,104.197.238.82,104.198.241.5,35.224.92.98   80, 443   169m
```

> We recommend you use this approach instead of hard-coding the host name in your manifests to keep them portable across namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you use this approach instead of hardcoding the hostname in your manifests to keep them portable across namespaces.
```
